Introduction:

Anemia is a condition in which the blood has a decreased number of red blood cells. It isn’t a diagnosis in itself in that it has many different causes which must be correctly identified in order to successfully treat the condition. It may also be the first indicator of a serious underlying problem such as a stomach ulcer, an autoimmune condition or cancer. The main component of red blood cells is hemoglobin: the iron-rich molecule that gives blood its red colour. Hemoglobin helps red blood cells to carry oxygen from the lungs to the rest of the body. Red blood cells, along with the other cellular components of blood such as white blood cells and platelets, are produced in the bone marrow (this is found in the center of our bones). Red blood cells have a lifespan of 120 days, after which old cells are removed from the circulation. Even though anemia is strictly defined as
―a reduced absolute number of circulating red blood cellsǁ, measuring this isn’t practical or costeffective, and tests are not widely available. Anemia is therefore also defined by a reduction in one or more of the major measurements of red blood cells: hemoglobin concentration (Hb), hematocrit (HCT) or red blood cell count. Approximately 50% of anemia occur as a result of insufficient iron in the body (iron deficiency), but this varies among population groups and in different areas. Hence the detection of the anemia is very important and in this project we collected the different dataset of people having two different inputs and one output value.
